OSDOCS-17170 zero-trust pre-migration work (#104736)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zero-trust-manager-vault-authenticate-secret.adoc

[id="zero-trust-manager-vault-authenticate-secret_{context}"]
= Authenticating and retrieving the secret

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the demonstration application to fetch a JWT token from the SPIFFE Workload API. This token allows you to authenticate with Vault to securely retrieve the secret and verify the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the demonstration application to fetch a JWT token from the SPIFFE Workload API. Use the token to authenticate with Vault so that you can securely retrieve the secret and verify the workflow.
```

Author: Done
